Update SECURITY.md (#3835)
eclipse-jdtls/eclipse.jdt.ls: SECURITY.md

# How To Report a Vulnerability

If you think you have found a vulnerability in this repository, please report it to us through coordinated disclosure.

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public issues, discussions, or change requests.**

Instead, report it using one of the following ways:

* Create a [confidential issue](https://gitlab.eclipse.org/security/vulnerability-reports/-/issues/new?issuable_template=new_vulnerability) in the Eclipse Foundation Vulnerability Reporting Tracker

> * <!-- EDIT THIS LINE IF YOUR PROJECT USES GITHUB ADVISORIES; DELETE IT OTHERWISE --> Report a [vulnerability](https://github.com/<organization>/<repository>/security/advisories/new) directly via private vulnerability reporting on GitHub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <!-- EDIT THIS LINE IF YOUR PROJECT USES GITHUB ADVISORIES; DELETE IT OTHERWISE --> Report a [vulnerability](https://github.com/eclipse-jdtls/eclipse.jdt.ls/security/advisories/new) directly via private vulnerability reporting on GitHub
```
